#**Magic the Gathering card storage API**  
The magic the gathering card storage API allows you to view, add, and edit a database of MTG cards. Tags can be added to each card for easier lookup!  

###**Card Schema**  

| name     | Yes | string           | yes | any string                                                                                                                                          |
|----------|-----|------------------|-----|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| manaCost | Yes | String           | no  | Number followed by color. Last number is the mana of any color.  3G3 = 3 green mana, 3 mana of any color. Z = colorless mana generated by wasteland |
| tags     | yes | Array of strings | no  | and array of strings which will be the tags. example: ['burn', 'removal']    

###Making requests to the API  

####**Post request:**  
To Make a post request follow the above schema and send a JSON object to the API url + '/cards' like so:  

>post('http://localhost:8080/cards')

with all of the required values and any of the optional values. If everything goes well, the card will be stored and the newly stored object will be sent back.

####**Get request:**  
To make a get request for all cards, make a request like so:  
>get('http://localhost:8080/cards')  
This should return all cards in the database if all goes well.

To Make a get request for an individual card, make a get to to a url with the format API url + '/card/:name'. If all goes well, it will return any card with a name match. If you are searching for the card: 'shock', you can search API url + '/card/shock' and it will return the card shock, if it is in the database.

>Note: if you are sending a string with spaces in the url, replace the spaces with + signs.  
>example: get('http://localhost:8080/card/mana"tithe') would search for and return cards with the name mana tithe.

####**Put request:**  
To Make a put request, make a put to to a url with the format API url + '/card/name/tags' and in the body, include a JSON object in the format { tag: [sample text] } If all goes well, it will add that tag to the specified card. If you are adding the tag 'burn' to the card: 'shock', you can make a put request to API url + '/card/tags' and it will return the card shock, along with the tag that was added, if it is in the database. 

>Note: if you are sending a string with spaces in the url, replace the spaces with + signs.  

####**Delete request:**  
To Make a delete request, make a delete to to a url with the format API url + '/card/[sample name]/'. If all goes well, it will add that delete to the specified card and return { success: true }. If you are deleting the card: 'shock', you can make a put request to API url + '/card/shock' and it will return the card shock, along with the tag that was added, if it is in the database. 

>Note: if you are sending a string with spaces in the url, replace the spaces with + signs.  
>example: delete('http://localhost:8080/card/mana+tithe') would search for and delete cards with the name 'mana tithe'


